please if you may food oh no figurine au
feu delicious you don't feed any head
out performing live at your kids
birthday party it's Phoebe
well performance oh it's a dolphin look
at that
goodness goodness thanks squeeze guys
say hi be nice I might not dolphin okay
we give this a go yes I just have to get
in range though that was great mm I
press star they're not like go on top
okay just kill him I'm hitting all the
kikuna metallus right now what a
wonderful phrase what an ugly face
ugly faces yeah it's my thing tomato
acclimate away oh really good mood today
I like it yeah you know what would be
make me leave it better moods gang I'm
sorry
yeah oh by the way IQ meter I'd love the
cute the lab sound home virus thumb idli
a cute build up we miss the proponent
and Mister Matata yeah cuz he goes like
who York that's so on appropriations
fuzzy
yup clearly what is it supposed to mean
pic in a bad bad way
a penis yes a really bad penis okay no I
apologize to you my friend coming nugget
don't I
oh oh the Mataura didymus yeah yeah yeah
buddy sorry by the way prophet I don't
want to be rude I saw its who use a very
fun word let me and my friend will be
really little used it instead of hi oh
the so we were like oh you E I'm sorry
oh sorry
well I pretty much camped mid so watch
me and nugget carry this yep okay thank
you
did you see that clip with a Japanese
singing that song done appear okay I'm
gonna show it after this game what's
this oh god I did not expect it to be
this strong exactly its strong its
strong its strong extra strong it's like
a good red wine in this clip it's pretty
strong just might be the best thing ever
just watch how he exits the frame okay
okay let me remember though it's strong
level of commitment on his face though
he is doing yeah yeah it's because it's
strong egg so strong you know what the
most awkward thing is tell me a guy
who's slapping the bus looks a lot like
my friend the levels ahead of me
oh nice fine let's go clip oh god it's
what that was going on here honey that
you're not that there it is redemption
killeth I realize here teleport profit
if you have it kind of please profit
you're our only hope
please what yes ignite you got come to
Palacios pump aliens baby it's weird a
Swedish word ever what does it mean it
means when you're empty your boat when
it's filled with water and for some
reason you use it as a little
catchphrase when you sing poop or downs
little sweet still Oh prophet Oh
everybody programs no yes no this
evening is weird enough oh my god I'm so
sad please like for us yeah you like
boats pump Allen yeah oh wow nice
pronunciation buddy that was really good
I was expecting it to be very funny but
that was just good Swedish right there
okay run I realize that exhausting boom
balance holy crap that was good
all the eggs are cysts
why this always been around my neck
right now oh crap the damage
that's a Luxan says in the end of her
Rico if you're running the swedish
version is avoiding all the time
yeah that's why no one is using it yeah
well how do you know all these bad words
young man armpits oh hey
No Deal boom good yeah slowing yes Chris
malicious and allowed me here comes the
boom pole ends a very beautiful house so
soft oh my god flawless
Arnold by Kawhi means jacket in Swedish
it's true it is true what he says about
Jackie's Larry's not there either
because want pork from this product and
her enemies go bye-bye
you see what I mean Wow 9 out of 10
customers are happy I don't think I saw
nice like follow it up damn it
nice kill everyone got it easy peasy
lemon I don't know if that's a word ik
but hey teams for this neither and
that's already think what is it word
just not in the way I use it you used it
as a verb right yes I use it no it's a
noun but I use it as an adjective
you know ok ok yes let's all use the
purple and open it nice
member